Yes, sir. I think we are now. And I think whatever appellations that I inadvertently or
virtually have added to you, I think it's right to be that he will not be a person that
would be very dictatorial in your office or very, how, or, unopportunable, is that right,
sir?
I have an objective leader up to justice, sir. And I suspect that you, well, indeed, I
hear you all using each other's first names, the fat rights. That's quite common, yes.
And I wish you to know I'm, I think, at the night, way to run it off. And I take it to
strike that out. Now, when Mr. Cohen is in Washington, he stands, I guess, gather from
his testimony. I think that's why I got it. And I don't assert it's not fairly true. But
he stands a good hero of his time in the senators office. Yes, that's true. About what
portion would you think if you know? Well, it's a little difficult for me to say here,
not sure if that I asked him. He, you see, I don't know all of the time that is in right.
But in there, I don't need to think we need the voices. I don't think we need to dwell
on it. But you know that he's up there at the deal. Yes. And I gather from the conversation
that we've had in this room that you were all so up there at the deal. Yes, sir. Are you
there? Would you say you were there every day with the car? Or not? No, I wouldn't say
it was there every day, nothing. But I would say that some, usually, some part of every day
I'm there, but not every day. Yes. And if you are there every day, would you call the
minute call or half hour call or even longer time? It's very difficult to say. I would say
that this would range from maybe one minute to one day to all day stay the next time.
And I think if you're on the first day in the day, just with some of the people in that
office. Yes, sir. And name some of them if you will.
Yes, sir. You must have worked for this hearing. I asked you not to name any of them.
Simple mouth. I know the third place. Can you name any of them? I don't care about the
other speakers. I don't wish to know them, sir.
Well, I am. Do they want them told me I would ask you to?
Nothing. There's a campaign that helps us hear anyone who works with anyone who
is exposed to him and is not going to have them dig me the wires that every little girl
knows. There are no. I think we don't wish to know who he is. No off the matter office.
I don't know who that means. One after we saw here. He just missed a minute.
And her first name I think is Mary. And you call her Mary. Yes. And of course, he
called me. Now I will order. I have used some questions about the more Miranda that
I didn't use in evidence here. It's a different number 31 and here's the whole of
him. And what's good is just for both of us to just room once you get fired. Do you remember
that, sir? Yes, yes, sir. If you got a set up, the good is the best.
I think the original is not over the importance of purposes. I have a not.
Because I will want to ask you about the content of some of these memorandums.
Yes, sir. One second.
Yes.
I'm sure I do remember that.
If you got one, the one that I had here that I could have handed, you quickly with Mark
Cuff, oh, my thought that might be a little confusing for you.
Now for purposes of convenience in the printed record of the reading, there are numbers.
You observe that, Mr. Justice. And I think perhaps one of the printed ones might well be
the number of the some points, sir.
So the further we're going to be referred to by the women, Mr. Denise, the problems of
here on. I will see that one is offered in evidence.
Now if you will look at the printed ones in front of you, you will see I think that number
one, which is not over second, is written by you. Is that right? Yes, sir.
And the next one written by you is number four, they just December.
Yes, it's written by you. They just December 9th from you into the senator.
Is that right? Number five. That's right.
Then six is not by you, but it's two you and Mr. Cohn from the senator.
That's correct. Seven is dictated by you.
Yes, sir. Eight is dictated by you.
Ten is dictated by you. That's right, isn't it? Ten is my number and yes sir.
Yes. And dictated by you. Number ten, I think I don't know whether this came up yesterday or not.
Well, if you're the man in business, my number and yes. And it's your product.
Yes, sir. And eleven is dictated by you.
Yes. Now, looking at those as we, as I turn them over, first I want to ask you what happens to them generally.
Let's take the first one. We understand, of course, that all these that we have talked about were dictated to this business address for one second.
Yes, sir. We learned that from my head.
It's a lot from the chair, very good. It doesn't mean that you didn't understand.
Well, I think that's it because it's starting to get right next to the record we've heard because of the right company.
That is the whole of the business company has been given to the understanding of the 50 days.
This is a new production that the Army has prepared.
Yes. So what we have all agreed now is the proper text to the member.
Yes. It'll be understood.
I think I'd ask the state for the record, Mr. Chairman, that as to number five, which is dated December 9, 1953, on the original, which is in the evidence already,
the word confidential appears.
And on the fitted one, it does not appear.
That, I think, is the only significant difference if that is the case.
Now I was asking you about these memorandum and taking number one as a sample.
After that was dictated by you, I gave it, and I may be wrong, but I gave it to Mr. Tristol's testimony, that she took the trans-pribed and put it in the file.
Is that no understanding, sir? That's my understanding, but testimony is.
Similarly, with number five, which is from you, the best senator, you dictated that, and did not see it after dictated.
Is that right? That's right.
You assume, however, that you assume it was presented to the senator and then reached the file?
Yes, sir.
Then, as to number seven, once again, that was dictated by you, and you did not see it thereafter.
I mean, for some period of time.
Yes, sir.
And similarly, as to number eight, from you to Mr. Colne, you dictated that to Mr. Tristol, and once again, did not see it after dictation, until some of it's considerable later time.
Oh, yes, sir, that's right.
And the same would go for number 10, is that right?
Yes, sir.
And then, number 11 is the lesson for it.
Yes, once again, that would be true.
Yes, sir.
So in every instance, you dictated the number and it's a Mr. Tristol, and then they simply went out of your control or your site until you saw them a some later date.
Yes, sir, that's right.
Now, I wish to call on your attention.
I think my 10 minutes is on the point of expiring, am I right?
I will stop and then start again when it comes to me as a result.
Very well, I don't expect this in your head, David.
I expect Mr. Colne from the 20th.
To work your note, Emma.
Now, Mr. Carr, let me run down the list of memorandums for such a matter, or one subject in particular.
Well, you look first at number one, which is your first memorandum that's dictated.
Yes.
If you will look at the middle paragraph, you will see that Dave Shines takes up about in printed lines, about half that memorandum.
That does he not.
Yes.
And if you will look at your next one, which is December 9th, with...
Shines mentioned in the first paragraph, is he not?
Yes.
And in the second paragraph.
Yes, sir.
And in the first paragraph?
And in the fourth paragraph?
Yes.
In other words, he's mentioned in every paragraph.
Is that right?
That's correct, sir.
Now, we do go ahead to number seven, which is your memorandum to the senator.
Dave Shines mentioned in the first paragraph, is that right?
That's right, sir.
And in the second.
Yes, sir.
And in the third?
And in the fourth?
Yes, sir.
And in the third.
All right, sir.
Now, take your next one, number eight, which is your next, the next one, that you dictated.
Which is January 9th, to Roy Cole.
Shines mentioned in the single paragraph, in that memorandum, is he not?
Yes, sir.
Now, take number ten, which is your two third, and Shines mentioned in the only paragraph, in that memorandum.
Somebody that has?
Number ten, sir.
Number ten.
Yes, that's right, isn't it?
Right.
And in number eleven, Mr. Shines mentioned.
All right.
And in the only paragraph, in the memorandum.
Right.
What was there about Mr. Shines, as was a such infrascue, that he turns up my name in every memorandum that you ever dictated?
Well, I just had a memory, every memorandum I have a dictated that, he turns up my name in these memorandums, what you had before him.
Yes.
Well, I used to suggest you ask, sir, write that out.
Have you told us what fascination Mr. Shines had for you, so that he turned up in every memorandum that you dictated that was saved in this case?
No, but I, all I told you so far is that Mr. Shines name appeared in the memorandum I dictated, which I haven't found in.
Every time I dictated a memorandum between October 2, 1953 and March 11, 1954, Shines turned up in it some way, but every time I dictated a memorandum between those states and which Shines mentioned?
Well, I understand that, the ones that we have in evidence here, are you not suggesting that there are still others on us that mention Shines?
No. Going back to these memorandums just generally, can you tell us who it was that decided to keep the file that I have before me about which Mr. Shines was just so specified in the first instance?
I know, sir, I can't.
You just heard it through like Totsy, is that right?
Perhaps I don't know.
How much has Totsy grown before you came to know he was an exister?
Just about the size you have that.
That is to say, Totsy had reached full maturity by the time he knew he existed, is that right?
That's correct, yes.
And you were writing these memorandums to the senator, and art of home, and sending them all, and by what turned out to be a pure accident as far as you were concerned, they all turned out in the same folder where you found them sometime in March of this year, is that right?
Well, not exactly.
Well, that's where you found them?
Well, no, I didn't find them there, nothing.
Well, hopefully, there's just a bomb, Mr. Shines.
I'm not interested in that.
No, I'm not interested in that.
I'm interested in that.
And it was just an accident.
That that neat little file, consisting of just 11 memorandums, had been preserved by her, do you, look, is that so?
No, sir.
Well, it was nothing new planned.
You find the way?
Yes, I guess you can call that.
So, standing past any questions, Mr. Carr here, hoping that maybe we could get through the storebusters, get back to the...
That's exactly right.
That's right, that's right.
That's right.
Not over the wall.
Yeah, man. That's right, Mr. Chairman.
Uh, we'll find a way.
I hope we can get back to the work of the committee.
I'm interested in what...
He's not a dumb known to be sure to know that.
He's a very clever young man.
Sixty-two years of age.
I think so.
Oh, I still think he's a very clever young man.
He knows that...
Oh, he has that.
He's the material that I still have this case.
He knows that it's not my complete file, it's my office.
You know that, my...
I just think that the wealth is just the...
Uh, fine, the issue of the case, if you're working, you have the time to work.
Good as I think, but the Democrats are the Republicans here.
I don't think there's any questions.
I'm going to cut out some questions too, if you want to.
The way off the road is not going far away.
Carr believes it's a number.
Yeah, I'm just touched in this tradition, which I mean, certainly,
the issues of the Democrats and the environment,
so it cannot oppose the point of work.
You want to make a decision?
Now I have heard just because...
The number two in this memorandum, which is not your dissertation,
is directed to the file.
You observed that, yes.
But number one, your first memorandum is...
From new to Senator McCarthy.
Number five is from you to Senator McCarthy.
Number seven is from you to Senator McCarthy.
Number eight is from you to Cole.
And number ten is from you to the Senator.
And it is not until your week's number 11,
that you have just one to the file, is that right, sir?
By the way, going back a little, when you've dictated these memorandums,
will you try to...
I don't think you need even to throw your mind back.
What would you say to Mrs. Grispo?
Take a memorandum to the Senator, is that what you would say?
If that...
Looking at the first one, probably something like that.
Or would you take a memorandum from me to the Senator?
Probably something like that.
Well, it must be something like that.
Say it for the ranking if you would, as to how you probably did say it.
All you've got to do is just imagine you've got her here,
and you want to dictate a memorandum to the Senator.
How would you begin?
Well, I'm sure that I was probably psyched over...
Take a memorandum for the Senator.
This is for the Senator.
And that's that.
That's that, yeah.
And then you decide you're an indicate.
That's right.
Now let's look at these memorandum.
And let me direct a few questions for you
as to each other in the fine day.
I'm going to ask you first...
about the one of December 9, 1953.
That's it, given by Zane.
I couldn't get you on the telephone.
Can you recall, sir,
where the Senator was when you were trying to reach him on the phone?
Most likely.
In any event, you felt that you had a message for him
that you wish to get to him,
reason to be pompous, that right?
Oh, I think that's right.
I call your attention to the seconds,
psyched that out, and in February,
there was a memorandum from Mr. Cohn,
the Senator, on this same day.
Is that correct?
Being number four?
Yes.
Did you know that Roy Cohn was writing that memorandum?
No, sir, I don't think I did.
Did you so far...
Did he so far as you know,
that you were writing your memorandum?
No, he didn't.
They were separate memorandum then.
Just individually inspired.
Is that right?
I assume you're right, yes sir.
Now, I think you told us the other day,
by the way, that there were two reasons
for that my car is either writing a memorandum,
is that correct?
Yes, I think so.
One being record?
Yes sir.
And one being a...
a conveyer message?
I think that's probably right, yes sir.
Now, look again at this memorandum
of December 9th.
Yes sir.
By the way, is that the day on which there was a hearing in this room?
I think that's right sir.
And this...
I guess we well remember is the third floor, is that right?
Yes sir.
And your office is on the first floor, is that right?
And you dictated this memorandum in the Senator's office.
Yes sir.
And that's on the fourth floor.
I call your attention to these words.
Again the day John Adams
came down here after the hearing.
What?
Where does came down here mean?
So I turned down here mean,
down to my house, but my office.
Down to one old one, right?
It also means came down here to the point
where you were dictating this memorandum, doesn't it?
No, doesn't it?
Again John Adams came down here.
What else does that mean except room 101?
It doesn't mean room 101.
It does.
Where are you dictating a memorandum?
What you say?
Use the word here.
dictating the memorandum and showing them a copy of it.
Then you should say John Adams came down to 101 instead of saying came down here should you not?
I might have been better.
Sir?
It might have been better.
It would have been a lot more accurate wouldn't it?
I don't think it would have been more accurate but it would have been better.
Well if you were actually dictating this memorandum on the fourth floor,
is it a happy phrase to say John Adams came down here after the hearing?
No sir.
Well they're going around so we have the opportunity.
Thank you sir.
Come on in the car.
Thank you.
Come in the car.
The first paragraph of that memorandum has these words in it.
I wonder whether I am getting fed up with the way the Army is trying to use a shine as a hostage to pressure us to stop our hearings on the Army.
Would you observe those words that I am getting fed up, Mr. Carr?
Yes sir.
I take it that means that this pressure is a shine as a hostage that has been going on for some time.
Had it not?
Yes it probably does.
You wouldn't use the phrase I am getting fed up with something unless it's something that has been going on for a long time.
You were getting sick of it, is that right?
That's a public lecture.
So that you had been undergoing this rather nauseating situation.
Would I shall we say, Dave?
No.
Weak?
Month?
No, I wouldn't...
I don't know whether I'd say, Dave, weak for months.
Well, what was it you?
Hour?
No.
Dave?
Weak?
No.
I don't know if you're curious something how long does it take you to get fed up on something of this sort?
Well, it took me about, I would say, an hour and an hour and a half to realize how fed up I was on this.
Mr. Adam, first told me this after the hearing outside of Room 101.
At that time, I don't recall challenging Mr. Adams or saying anything to him.
I guess that was even indicates that I'd later would like to send him a random.
But as I kept thinking about it, and thinking about it when I was in the office, I began to get fed up.
I think I'm fed up in a matter of an hour and maybe a little less.
I gave you two large words every time.
Maybe it was a matter of minutes, is that right?
It could have been minutes.
Well, I told him the only contact we were authorized to have with him about Chinese was on investigation committee business.
Did you see that phrase?
Yes, sir.
Who authorized your contact?
I saw the phrase I don't say at the end of the second paragraph.
I told him the only contact we were authorized to have with him about China was on investigation committee business.
My question is who authorized that contact?
I think Senator McCarthy and Secretary Steven.
Well, certainly the Senator has.
I'm sorry, Secretary.
Now, look at this phrase and you've already been asked about in the next paragraph.
I am convinced that they will keep right on time to blackmail us as long as China is in the army.
Were you still convinced?
Yes, I was.
Did you know what Mr. Shirens tour of duty was going to be?
At that time?
Yes.
No.
Didn't you know it was going to be two years?
Oh, yes, and two years, yes.
So you were then convinced that you were in for two years of blackmail, is that right?
Well, that's what I said.
That's what you say.
Is that right?
I don't know that I thought of it in terms of two years, but I said as long as he's in the army.
That's not true.
And he's in the army for two years.
And you were in for up to him for two years of blackmail.
That's the way I felt that afternoon, yeah?
Not just what was the blackmail?
What were they threatening you with?
Is it just to keep China in the army?
No, sir.
What?
41KT?
No, sir.
All deprived of the leaves?
Are not making the car full?
No, sir.
What were they threatening to do to it?
Well, the way I understood it and the thing that threatened me a little bit,
I angered that afternoon with the fact that they tied this thing in with stopping the hearing with...
I don't care what they tied it in with.
What were they going to do to China?
Yes.
The thing that I was concerned about here was that they were trying to use China to stop the hearing.
I understand.
But what were they threatening to do to even be tied, letting you wear the uniform of the United States Army?
Well, I don't know if they were threatening to take them out and shoot them or anything like that.
Why don't they go?
The worst we've heard is KP on Sunday, isn't it?
Yes.
That's the worst we've heard.
But what makes it hard did you think that you could turn aside a territorial investigation by this committee
with a little kick-out about KP on Sunday?
No, I didn't.
That was just childish to talk that way, wasn't it?
Well, I didn't.
I thought that way.
Well, I mean, the bad of it was just childish.
Well, I'm also a boy, but he had no business trying it up with his wife stopping the hearing.
But I'm assuming he tied it up to you, a grown man, to suggest that KP for China on Sunday
with some way stopped the hearing most of the time that it was served.
Is that right?
Well, I don't want to say that anything that Mr. Adam did was childish.
Well, it's settled.
I thought it was real foolish.
Yes, it's right.
And then they said in your next, in that same paragraph, you say,
and they keep trying to jangle upon small favors to him in front of us.
That's a proposed small favor.
Well, for instance, they launching on the 24th, and then again, on the train on the 25th of November,
Mr. Adam's major statement for indicating that they would do little things to take care of Mr. Shines.
Do little things to take care of Mr. Shines.
Now I ask you, that little face.
I don't know.
He just don't know.
Well, then when you say they keep trying to jangle proposed small favors to him,
you don't know what you're talking about, is that right?
Oh, yes, I know it.
Well, that proposed small favors where they're going to do this last.
Well, I don't know if they were favors myself, but Mr. Adam seems to think they were.
For instance, on the 24th of November, he was going to, if we would give him some good words concerning law,
he was going to use what he considered.
His influence to get Mr. Shines off so that he could work with us on the weekend following what I consider a general order
by the fact that the army could be off anyhow.
That's what this is being clear this morning with weighing with you in one side of the scale,
fusting a general like General Lawton against a weekend pass for a pilot.
Is that right?
And Mr. Adam's was still young up, so I have to say, you suggest that some way those things could counterbalance each other.
Well, I'm not going to say anything.
That shouldn't possibly have blackened me over the man like you put in Mr. Shines.
It didn't, let's put someone.
And him for definitely was no favor to Shines of Eddie Muff on Thanksgiving was it?
No, sir.
None were there. Everybody got off on Thanksgiving.
I think they did.
How was it looking at the next memorandum, with years to you and Carr from Senator McCartes?
Is that memorandum ever with you, sir?
Yes, I think I sure copy of it.
A copy of it?
Yes.
Where's the copy you saw?
I don't know. I think I might have destroyed it. I'm not sure.
Why did you destroy it?
I might have.
When did you destroy it?
I say I don't know.
You don't know.
Did you act on it?
Uh...
No, sir.
Never acted on it.
No.
Now, were there two copies of it actually?
I don't know.
I say I think I'm here to have it.
I have the original here, sir.
Would you like to look at it?
No, sir.
It has no indication that it was seen by a phone. Is that right?
Uh, on the original?
Yes.
I don't think it has any indication that it didn't seem to be seen by me, but that's...
No, sir.
Right, sir.
I have it here.
It isn't marked file by you, is it?
No.
It isn't marked file by a phone.
Did you ever have any conversation with Cohen in respect to the Memorand?
I don't think I ever did.
I may have known whether he's out a copy of it or not.
Uh, I don't know.
I don't know.
When you swear that he's out of copies?
No, sir.
For all you know now, now a low-datt number and a is addressed to Cohen and Tom,
it may have gone directly from Mr. Dressful's high-batteries or just filed me a file.
It could have, but I don't think so.
But you don't know where yours is.
No, sir.
And you never took any action as a consequence of your thinking.
I'm in the fire and we're now at the pathway point in the afternoon.
We'll stand for a five minute.
We'll be there.